Hello, my friends, and welcome to the final part of this course 410 on natural selection and boosting.
So in this part, we're going to see three important things.
You know, the final tools that I would like you to have in your tool kit.
And these are, first, the careful cross-validation technique, which will allow you to measure in
the most relevant way the performance of each of your future machinery models.
Then I will teach you grid search, which is a technique that allows you to find the best version of
a moral.
By finding the optimal parameters leading to the best score of performance.
So if you're doing regression well, you will find the optimal hyper parameters to find the best squared.
And if you're doing classification, you will find the best hyper parameters for the highest accuracy.
And then that's the final bonus section of discourse.
Let's say I will teach you one of the most powerful models in machine learning, which is x g boost.
I really want you to have extra boost in your toolkit.
And then you will just be close to invincible.
So let's finish with this at the same time, very excited and a bit moved that, you know, we're approaching
the end of the journey.
But let's finish on a good note and let's end two parts and moral selection and boosting.
But just before, let's make sure that everyone here is on the same page.
I give you the link to this for the right before this is oriels and make sure we connect to it.
And now there we go.
Let's end the points and model selection and boosting.
All right.
And so, as we said, well, we have two sections, mole selection, where I will teach you careful
cross-validation and grid search and then the final section, Extubate.
So let's start with mole selection and let's start with Python, as usual.
And in this folder, you will find two implementations, assign one for K4 cross-validation, where
we will implement this key for cross-validation technique to find the best accuracy because we will
implement this for a classification problem.
Actually, the same one as in the classification point so that we can stay familiar with the dataset
and focus on the technique itself.
And then in the next store, I will teach you grid search, which will apply on, you know, the kernel
as model, which we implemented in part three with the same data set.
And for this model, we will find the best hyper parameters.
You know, the best kernel, the best parameter is C and maybe other hyper parameters.
We'll see.
So let me just quickly remind what this dataset is about very quickly.
So remember, this is a data set of a car company which has just released a brand new luxury SUV.
And it is trying to understand through this data set, well, which customers buy SUV so that we can
then train a machinery Morrall, you know, a classification model to learn the correlations between
these two features, age, an estimated salary and the dependent variable purchased.
All right.
So each row of this data set corresponds to different customers and each of them, we have the age,
the estimated salary and whether or not they purchased the SUV in the past couple of years.
OK.
So that was a quick reminder.
And now let's focus on our first technique.
The K4 cross-validation and therefore let us open this implementation on either Google Collaboratory
or Jupiter notebook.
Feel free to choose your favorite.
I'm opening it with Google Collaboratory, as usual.
And now that notebook is loading.
It is laying it out.
And there we go.
Welcome to the K4 cross-validation implementation.
All right.
So, as usual, this file is in read-only mode.
We're going to create right away a copy by clicking foul here and then save a copy in drive.
This will create a copy and insight, which we will be able to re.
Not the whole implementation, because you're going to see that all the cells of this implementation
are the same as in the kernel as VM implementation.
We made in part three except one cell, which is a cell of course, where we implement this K4 trust
validation technique.
So I'm going to show you all these cells here are, you know, for the data processing phase to which
we added that features killing tool.
Then we train indeed the kernel as VM or on the train sets or just as in our previous kernel, as an
implementation.
Then we make the computer matrix to do, you know, first evaluation of the morale with the accuracy
on the test only.
And here there we go.
That's where we apply Caple cross-validation.
And this cell, which I'm going to remove right away, is the only difference with our previous implementation
of the kernel as we're Morrall.
We implemented in part three, you know, because the last two cells here are the same.
We visualise here the transit resource on this 2D plot and same for below.
We visualize the test results on the same 2D plot.
Okay.
So we're just going to reimplement K four cross-validation here so that we can add in our.
Tool kit.
An extra tool to measure the performance of any classification model.
All right, I'm ready.
Let's do this.
Let's create a new coat here.
And first, remember that in order to get the Google Kulab assistance, well, we need to run the notebook.
And to do this well, we can either run the first cell or upload the dataset to let us do it right now.
So I just clicked on this little folder here to access to files of our machine.
And right now, The Notebook is connecting to a runtime to enable file browsing, which we should be
able to do in a second.
You know, we should be able to see the upload button.
There we go.
So let's click upload then please find on your machine.
You know, this machinery is the Kosen datasets folder, wherever you put it on your machine.
I put it on my desktop.
And then let's go inside.
Let's end to part 10, most election busting and then section forty eight, most election python.
And that social network adds that CSB dataset.
Click open and click.
OK, now we have the dataset into our notebook and therefore we'll be able to get the assistance of
Google Kulab when applying K4 cross-validation.
Are you ready?
Now once again, you have two options.
You can try to do it yourself first by checking out, of course, the cycle.
You're an API, you know the documentation or you know, we can just do it together.
Anyway, we're on to the finish line here.
I'm already super proud of all the work you've provided within this course.
You know, this is a huge cause.
So if you want, let's just finish this together on the best note.
All right, let's do this.
So as you understood, we're gonna start from cycler and because indeed, we're gonna grab a tool from
the cyclone library to implement this K4 cross-validation technique.
So psyched.
Learn from which we're gonna get access to.
Well, that's not all selection module, which is also the name of our section here, moral selection
module, because this is the module that contains, of course, the cross valse core function.
Another class this time just a function which will perform the K4 cross-validation on our training set,
not dataset.
We have to apply it on a training set because, you know, we always want to have this separate test
set to test the deployment of our model on brandnew observations on which Moe wasn't trained.
So this gave for cross-validation technique is supposed to be called on the train set.
So let's do this.
Let's import that cross vow.
There we go.
I was waiting for curl up to help me crossbars called function to implement the K4 cross-validation
technique.
All right.
So as you understood, K4 transmutation consist of creating a certain number of trained test fold.
We are going to say 10 trendies false because 10 is too commonly chosen value.
So it consists of creating 10 trained test folds on which you're gonna train your machine learning model
on each of the train forward.
And at the same time tested separately on the test.
And therefore, since you have 10 trained test falls, well, you will end up with ten different accuracy's
on different test sets.
You know, like 10 different test sets.
And therefore, this is a much relevant way to measure the performance of your model, because, you
know, this makes sure that we don't get lucky on one test set.
You know, when measuring the performance of the model right here on this test set, when making the
computer matrix while we get here, 93 percent.
But we could have randomly chosen a test set on which the got lucky one making its predictions.
It's truly possible.
So here we are creating 10 different test sets.
But the correct term is test false.
So as to evaluate the model on different test sets and therefore reducing any risk of getting lucky
on a separate test.
Right.
And of course, the final accuracy will get will be the average of the 10 accuracies obtained with the
ten test.
False.
Right.
This is exactly what this is about.
And therefore, now what we're about to do is create a new variable, which we're gonna call accuracy's
and which will simply be the list of the different accuracy's we get by testing the model on the 10
test folds.
And in which, of course, each accuracy is the accuracy obtained on each of the 10 test faults.
So we're gonna get first this list and then will compute the mean of all the accuracies in that list.
All right.
And how can we get that list?
Well, of course we can get it.
Thanks to this Cross Vänskä function.
So let's call this function right away.
Cross VAO Score.
Thank you.
CoLab.
And inside which we're going to enter four essential parameters which are first the estimate here,
which is your classifier.
You know the same one we created in that cell, that classifier here.
Then we'll have to input the features of the training set.
Right.
Which is X.
Then the dependent.
Foible of the training set waitering.
And finally, the fourth and last essential argument, which is, of course, number of fault.
We want to have when performing K4 cross-validation.
So I told you 10 as an example.
But it is also the most common value.
And that's a valuable truth.
All right.
So let's input these parameters.
As we said, the first one is estimate her.
And that is, of course, our classifier, which is our kernel as VM model.
Then the next one is the features of the training set.
Therefore, we have to enter here X train and the name of the parameter is X.
Okay then.
Same for the dependent variable values of the training set.
And for this, the name of the parameter is Y.
And this is equal of course to Y train.
Right.
The ground truth of the training set basically.
And finally the number of trained test falls we want to have, which is given by the parameters named
CV.
And that we choose to be ten.
All right.
And that's it.
This will not only perform the K for cross-validation technique, but at the same time return these
10 accuracy's resulting from deploying our model on the ten test.
False.
Okay.
And now we're gonna end this with two beautiful prints.
Right.
Just I'm gonna make a much more beautiful print than this one, which just prints the accuracy in this
format.
But check this out.
We're gonna make a much more beautiful one by using the format function in Python three.
This is also something I would like to get and that I would like to know how to implement.
So let's do this here.
We're gonna start directly with the print.
Right.
Print.
Then we're going to enter in quotes.
Well, first, accuracy.
This way to, you know, clearly specify that we're printing the accuracy.
So that's just a string.
And then inside a pair of square brackets.
Just like that, we will enter inside the format of the accuracy.
And I would actually like to print this with two decimals.
After the comma and as a float, of course.
And a way to do this with this format technique in Python is to specify here, Colin point to F meaning
exactly.
That it's gonna be a float with two decimals.
After the comma.
Okay.
And then since, you know, we're not gonna displayed as a form of here, for example, open ninety
three but ninety three percent.
Well I'm gonna add a space here and then percent.
Okay, so that's what you have to answer within the double quote.
But then outside of the double quotes, let's add a dot here.
And then this format function in which you're going to input exactly the variable that corresponds to
this value here with this specific format.
And therefore, what you have to enter here is exactly the mean of the accuracies in that list.
And the trick to do this efficiently, you know, to compute this efficiently is to get that variable,
you know, that list of accuracies.
And then we're gonna use a pre-built method of a python list, which is very simply the main function.
And to use this, you can just add here a dot just after your list and then I mean, with some parenthesis.
And that's it.
This will compute the mean of the ten accuracies within that list.
And of course, since we want to have it in the present format here when it's at times 100.
Right.
In order to transform this from open ninety three to ninety three percent.
Okay.
Good.
So this line of code prints the accuracy.
We could stop here.
But you know, it would actually be very interesting to also print the standard deviation because you
know, since we getting 10 different accuracy's.
Well, it would be very interesting to see what variance we had among these accuracies.
For example, let's say that the mean of the accuracy's in that list is 93 percent.
Well, you know, we would have two very different situations if on the one hand, we have some accuracy,
close to 98 percent and others close to, let's say, 84, 85 percent.
But all of them averaging at 93 percent.
That's the first situation.
And that situation would be very different than having some accuracy is very close to 93 percent, like
92, 93, 94, 92, again, 94 again, etc. close to the average.
And that's something we can get with the standard deviation.
And that's exactly what I will add here as a final line of code inside this K4 for cross-validation
cell.
So I'm actually going to copy that line of code and then just below, I'm going to do another print,
which is the print of this time.
The standard.
Deviation, which will be exactly, you know, the root of the variance of these accuracies.
And same.
I'm going to choose to have a float with two decimals after the comma and here.
Well, to compute the standard deviation of the accuracies within that list.
Well, we need to replace that mean function by SDD, the SDD function, which computes exactly the
standard deviation of values within a list.
Within this accuracy's list and all good.
Now we are ready for the final run.
And I'm just gonna run everything again to see what will be this most relevant measure of the accuracy.
And at the same time, the standard deviation of the accuracy is within the test.
False.
All right.
Are you ready?
Let's do this.
Let's click runtime here and then we can just do a restart and run.
Oh, here.
If you're sure you're ready, let's click.
Yes.
And let's do this now.
All the cells will be running, as we can see.
And first we're gonna get again the ninety three percent.
But here, let's see what we get.
Well, of course we get a different accuracy than the one we had here.
And that's because I told you, you know, we can be a bit lucky when evaluating the accuracy of our
classification model on this specific test set.
You know, this is a single test on which the accuracy can totally be indeed a bit higher than the average
accuracy over 10 different test sets.
And this is exactly the case here, because when we get 10 different test sets, well, we get that
average accuracy of the 10.
Accuracy is resulting from this test.
Falls is indeed ninety point thirty three percent.
And that makes much more sense.
And this is actually the real or, you know, most relevant value of the accuracy for this specific
model, the kernel SVM on this specific dataset.
And let's see what the standard deviation is.
So it is six point fifty seven percent.
And that means only one thing.
That means that more or less, while the 10 accuracy is resulting from our test falls fall more or less
between ninety point thirty three minus six point fifty seven and ninety point thirty three plus six
point fifty seven.
In other words, they fall around between eighty three point five percent and ninety six point five
percent.
And so we have actually a pretty high standard deviation.
And that's good to know because, you know, that's a very different situation than if we had, you
know, accuracy's falling between 89 and 91.
For example, you know, that would be a low standard deviation.
All right, good.
Now you have this Caple cross-validation technique in your tool kit.
So you're now packed with the best and most relevant way to measure the accuracy of your classification
model.
And now we're gonna move on to the next section, because now that you have this most performance measure.
Well, I would like you to also have the technique that can find optimal values of your hyper parameters
in your model.
You know, these parameters that are not treant.
And I will teach you how to find the best values.
So as soon as you're ready for this next section will join me.
Let's do this together.
And until then, enjoy machine learning.